Words with 9 syllables: 1
Articles of Confederation
Words with 4 syllables: 21
James Madison
conservatives
controversial
massachusetts
federalism
founding fathers
state sovereignty
constitution
annapolis
great compromise
democracy
shays' rebellion
hard currency
economic
federalists
judicial branch
george washington
trade imbalance
new government
nationalists
state remedies
Words with 3 syllables: 15
Taxation
depression
civic virtue
repayment
rebellion
delegates
convention
evaded
surplus goods
creditors
compromise
bill of rights
debt burden
high tariffs
militia
Words with 8 syllables: 4
Bicameral legislature
constitutional principles
constitutional convention
constitutional government
Words with 6 syllables: 16
Ratifying conventions
western massachusetts
political factions
political debate
economic problems
state paper currency
economic elite
eastern massachusetts
goods and commodities
federalist papers
national unity
political problem
national government
continental congress
american markets
economic system
Words with 7 syllables: 10
Virginia legislature
constitutional changes
constitutional issues
drafting the constitution
new national government
federal authority
separation of powers
alexander hamilton
constitutional framework
philadelphia convention
Words with 5 syllables: 16
Anti-Federalists
representation
ratification
federal structure
federal system
thomas jefferson
central government
debt executions
executive branch
checks and balances
three-fifths compromise
infant industries
wartime inflation
legislative branch
representatives
federal power
Words with 2 syllables: 7
Imports
movement
congress
crisis
commerce
shippers
farmers
Words with 10 syllables: 1
Constitutional ratification
Words with 1 syllables: 5
Courts
debt
preamble
trade
1780s
Words with 11 syllables: 1
Articles of Confederation reform
